today we're gonna be really no good
Aurora's just getting everything off my
first video nope
this time it's dead tired Clawdeen again
I just like to mention for everybody
who's trying to find the dead tires and
the roller maze dolls that we got these
on Amazon for $14.49 bucks bucks baby 14
49 bucks baby and that thanks to now in
stock net alerting me to when they are
available and when they're $14.49
because just recently saw them 41
dollars that's like 14 not actually
nothing for exhibit doc did gorgeous
azar running about forty three dollars
thirty nine dollars she actually is a as
soon as they drop down to twenty one
dollars which is going to be their
rock-bottom price up early so we've got
Clawdeen uh what's Clawdeen Fox setting
it says you can't go wrong with buying
movies and girlfriends that's right I
like Miley Cyrus and you know I can't
sound a little bit like Hannah Montana
oops sorry about the glare guys you
can't go wrong with bad movies and ghoul
friends um her she's got her slippers
which are a cool kind green color the
strange thing is is she looks so similar
in my eyes to the original dead tired
footy okay now don't worry we're gonna
go back and right here it says I don't
go in there girlfriend
don't be sorry but don't be sorry
because she's gonna die yes because we
know the keys girls always time yeah
okay do you want to mention again uh
what you're saying about the pose on the
back of the box it's the exact same what
she looks like on the way of once
mmm-hmm only this time she's got
Draculaura and a be hanging with her if
this sleepover so we're gonna unbox are
a cool friend here Clawdeen and we'll be
back in a minute okay Claudine's out of
the box
hello miss Claudine and Gracie what do
we want to tell the folks about pudding
she has beautiful hair and beautiful
earrings beautiful long hair she's got
Clawdeen long hair again like all the
other dolls lately I know I keep
complaining about this but could anybody
run a brush through her hair before they
stick her in the box
it looks very choppy on on
and also her bangs are also kind of
badly cut so I don't know what kind of
machine cuts the bangs or what person
cuts bangs but he needs me it looks like
I'm cutting the base I really really
love her makeup she's got some
highlighter on her upper upper eyes
under her eyebrows oh he's a nice look
on a ghoul um very pale pink lipstick
loving it love the claw on the Johnnies
she is wearing pajamas she's not wearing
a nightie like a B and and Draculaura
were and she's got her lime green you
know how she digs her lung green so
she's got her lime green monster
slippers on she's very cute and it
matches her lime green trim on her top
and there's some lime green stitching in
the hem of her she likes lime green I
think wine green might be my color
guess what her hair is back to normal
it's the same old brown and reddish
Morgan II that you all know in love and
he is not dyeing your hair anymore but
I'm afraid we're going to be seeing her
hair guys once again one more time she's
gonna die the hair like well a ghoul is
prerogative but she's going is we have
back the old hair we haven't seen in
like six dolls mm-hmm so we're loving
the hair now uh
Abby came with ice cream Draculaura keen
with monster beat she came with a crown
back she's got makeup that's right she's
got some makeup and it's a little tiny
compound is little paw prints really
really little paw print and inside it
it's got like this little sticker um
that's supposed to look like makeup yeah
very crappy looking it's kind of cheesy
looking so uh but she's really cute and
she's gonna have a great time at the
sleepover and we're gonna get them all
set up for a sleepover probably tomorrow
and we'll take some pictures making make
a sleepover stop-motion video I don't
know we've got a whole summer to kill
now so we're gonna be on YouTube a lot
it's my last day at school last I school
72 bees so this is the Gracie and mommy
show
thank you very much for watching please
comment and subscribe please please
please please please please and thank
you for watching